### Security Bulletin: NVIDIA Mellanox OS, ONYX, Skyway, MetroX - August 2024

Updated 2024-08-07

NVIDIA has released a firmware update for NVIDIA Mellanox OS, ONYX, Skyway, and MetroX. This update addresses security issues that may lead to the issues noted below. To protect your system, download and install this firmware update from the <a href="https://enterprise-support.nvidia.com/s/">NVIDIA Enterprise Support Portal</a>.

Go to [NVIDIA Product Security](https://www.nvidia.com/security/)

_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Details

This section provides a summary of potential vulnerabilities that this security update addresses and their impact. Descriptions use [CWE™](https://cwe.mitre.org/), and base scores and vectors use [CVSS v3.1](https://www.first.org/cvss/specification-document) standards.

| **CVE ID** | **Description** | **Vector** | **Base Score** | **Severity** | **CWE** | **Impacts** |
| ---------- | ---------------- | ---------- | -------------- | ------------ | -------- | ------------ |
| CVE-2024-0113 | NVIDIA Mellanox OS, ONYX, Skyway, and MetroX-3 XCC contain a vulnerability in the web support, where an attacker can cause a CGI path traversal by a specially crafted URI. A successful exploit of this vulnerability might lead to escalation of privileges and information disclosure. | [CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:R/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H](https://www.first.org/cvss/calculator/3.1#CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:R/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H) | 7.5 | HIGH | [CWE-35](https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/35.html) | Escalation of Privileges, Information Disclosure |

The NVIDIA risk assessment is based on an average of risk across a diverse set of installed systems and may not represent the true risk to your local installation. NVIDIA recommends evaluating the risk to your specific configuration.

### Security Updates

The following table lists the software products and versions affected, and the updated version available from nvidia.com that includes this security update.

| **CVE IDs Addressed** | **Affected Products** | **Platform or OS** | **Affected Versions** | **Updated Version** |
| --------------------- | --------------------- | ----------------- | --------------------- | ------------------- |
| CVE-2024-0113 | Mellanox OS | Mellanox OS(3.11) | All versions prior to and including 3.11.4000 | 3.12.1002 |
| CVE-2024-0113 | Mellanox OS | Mellanox OS LTS(3.11) | All versions prior to and including 3.11.2200 | 3.11.2302 |
| CVE-2024-0113 | Mellanox OS | Mellanox OS LTS(3.10) | All versions prior to and including 3.10.4400 | 3.10.4500 |
| CVE-2024-0113 | ONYX | ONYX LTS | All versions prior to and including 3.10.4400 | 3.10.4504 |
| CVE-2024-0113 | Skyway | Skyway | All versions prior to and including 8.2.2200 | 8.2.2300 |
| CVE-2024-0113 | Skyway | Skyway LTS | All versions prior to and including 8.1.4400 | 8.1.4500 |
| CVE-2024-0113 | MetroX-3 XC | MetroX(18) | All versions prior to and including 18.2.2200 | 18.2.2300 |
| CVE-2024-0113 | MetroX-2 | MetroX(3) | All versions prior to and including 3.11.4000 | 3.12.1002 |

### Notes

Earlier software releases of this product are also affected. If you are using an earlier release, upgrade to the latest release version.<br/><div><br></div>


### Acknowledgements

CVE-2024-0113: Cyrille CHATRAS - Orange Group



### Get the Most Up-to-Date Product Security Information

Visit the [NVIDIA Product Security](https://www.nvidia.com/security/) page to

- Subscribe to security bulletin notifications
- See the current list of NVIDIA security bulletins
- Report a potential security issue in any NVIDIA supported product- Learn more about the vulnerability management process followed by the NVIDIA Product Security Incident Response Team (PSIRT)
### Revision History

| **Revision** | **Date** | **Description** |
| ------------ | -------- | --------------- |
| 1.0.0 | 2024-08-07 | Initial Release |

### Support
If you have any questions about this security bulletin, contact [NVIDIA Support](https://www.nvidia.com/object/support.html).

### Disclaimer
ALL NVIDIA INFORMATION, DESIGN SPECIFICATIONS, REFERENCE BOARDS, FILES, DRAWINGS, DIAGNOSTICS, LISTS, AND OTHER DOCUMENTS (TOGETHER AND SEPARATELY, "MATERIALS") ARE BEING PROVIDED "AS IS." NVIDIA MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE WITH RESPECT TO THE MATERIALS, AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. 

Information is believed to be accurate and reliable at the time it is furnished. However, NVIDIA Corporation assumes no responsibility for the consequences of use of such information or for any infringement of patents or other rights of third parties that may result from its use. No license is granted by implication or otherwise under any patent or patent rights of NVIDIA Corporation. Specifications mentioned in this publication are subject to change without notice. This publication supersedes and replaces all information previously supplied. NVIDIA Corporation products are not authorized for use as critical components in life support devices or systems without express written approval of NVIDIA Corporation.
